Do you really want to go with him?
I'm not kidding.
also
I can't forgive the deception and hurt you brought me
Divorce procedures
Well, you should have done it earlier
Sorry.
Now that you've made your decision
I respect your understanding.
I will also give you some compensation.
10% of the shares of the re-examination will be transferred to your name
No, why does he share so many shares?
Fourth Master, are you stupid for falling in love?
Gave to PUA by this woman
Before tomorrow.
You still have a chance to go back on your words, I'll wait for you
I thought he was your sweetheart
I didn't expect you to suffer so much grievance.
I had sex with CC, didn't I?
Do you dare to urge me to get married in the future?